.TH HNTOOL 1 local
.SH NAME
HnTool \- Hardening tool for Unix.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ll +8
.B hntool
.RB [ " \-ln " ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I hntool
Hardening tool for Unixes. It scans the system and available software,
to detect security.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-e EXCLUDE_LIST, --exclude=EXCLUDE_LIST
don't run the tests specified by MODULES_LIST
.TP
.B \-l --list
returns list of available rules
.TP
.B \--list_output_type
list the avaliable output formats
.TP
.B \-m MODULES_LIST, --modules=MODULES_LIST
run only the tests specified by MODULES_LIST
.TP
.B \-n --nocolors
does not use colors on output
.SH "UNDERSTANDING THE OUTPUT"
.TP
There are 5 types of results:
.TP
.B OK :
  Means that the item checked is fine and that you do not need to worry
.TP
.B INFO:
  Means that you should know the item status, but probably it is fine. A port
  opened, for example.
.TP
.B LOW:
  Means that a security problem was found, but it does not provides a high risk
  for your system.
.TP
.B MEDIUM:
  Things are getting worse and you should start to worry about these itens.
.TP
.B HIGH:
  You have an important security hole/problem on your system and you
  should fix it NOW or run and save your life.
.SH "COPYRIGHT NOTICE"
Copyright \(co 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.br
Copyright \(co 1992, 1993 Jean-loup Gailly
.PP
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.
.ig
Permission is granted to process this file through troff and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).
..
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
